15 Palestinian prisoners have been
released after being held by the
Israelis they arrived at alaa hospital
in the central Gaza Strip they were
freed at a military checkpoint east of
delb last week the Israeli Army released
11 Palestinian prisoners many have since
spoken of abuse and torture while they
were
detained and Aran Mahmud is in their in
central Gaza what more have you learned
about
this yes well within the past hour or so
a new batch of Palestinians who were
kidnapped and taken by the Israeli
military into prisonment in Israel uh uh
were released and transferred to alaka
hospital just the moment they step out
of the ambulance that dropped him off
here at the courtyard of ala hospital
for a medical examination uh they looked
quite exhausted very tired worn out very
hungry indeed because of the lack of
food that they were not allowed to uh to
have any of the food supply we're living
on little pieces of food throughout the
day three uh small a very very small
amount of food that were given to them
throughout the as we heard it from one
of the Palestinian release caps here
described the daily routine of torture
that it starts as early as 4:00 a.m. in
the morning and it goes that's the time
when they are where they are woken up by
the isra military and the way they he
described how they are woken up by using
the the bats and and banging on the
walls of the barricade where they were
uh where they were kept for the past
months in in in the area in bers and
very close to the Israeli Gaza uh border
but that's the kind of kind of of ways
that they were waken up at 4:00 a.m. in
the morning some of the uh of the
Palestinian detain inside this military
a camp uh they they were as we heard
from one of the the release captive
described some of people where would go
in coma and would freak out and be
hallucinating because of the sudden uh
sh loud voices and the use of dogs
inside uh inside the the barricade where
they were kept inside there also we seen
signs of torture physical torture let
alone the the verbal abuse that these
Palestinian captive were they had to
endure for the past months where they
were kept by the Israeli military we
they're not in the the right mind
they're not in the in the right State
mind to uh uh right now after 10 months
as they have to endure much of the
horing experience that took took place
some of them here waited until family
members who are who are being displaced
in the central area to arrive here to
pick them up and to take them to the
tents that they had set up for them some
of them are still here at the courtyard
of the hospital because simply they
don't know where their the remaining
members of their families were about
some because a a one described being
kidnapped from an evacuation Center in
Northern Gaza he was a snatch away from
his family and put on while he was
blindfolded and put on a truck that
drove away from the area and was
released today he has no idea about the
the the whereabout of his family whether
they are still alive whether they're
still okay and uh it doesn't seem to be
uh happening anytime soon because he has
no clue where they at or whether they're
still in the northern part or they have
been displaced in the Central Area def
definitely difficult situations uh uh
for these Palestinians released captives
here in the hospital harrowing accounts
there that you're sharing with us in
reporting on an Mahmud live in their in
central Gaza thank you so
much make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer